README.md, before:

# CPPTutorial

**From here you can Learn Most of all the Needed concept of C++**

| Topics in This Tutorial        |  Status |
| :----------------------------- | ------: |
| Basic Concept                  | Covered |
| Object Oriented C++            | Covered |
| Data Structure                 | Covered |
| Standard Template Library(STL) | Covered |
| Greedy Algorithms              | Covered |
| Dynamic Programming            | Covered |
| String Algorithms              | Covered |

_# items covered in this tutorial are :_

- [x] <a href="https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/--cppSTL" style="color: red; font-weight: bold;">STL (standard template library) in C++</a>

- [x] [Datatypes in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/01-datatype)
- [x] [Loops in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/02-loops)
- [x] [Switch in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/03-switch)
- [x] [Operators in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/04-operators)
- [x] [Patterns in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/05-pattern)
- [x] [Different types of numbers in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/06-DifferentTypesOfNumbers)
- [x] [Functions in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/07-functions)
- [x] [time complexity in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/08-timecomplexity)
- [x] [1D Arrays in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/09-array)
- [x] [2D Arrays in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/10-2darray)
- [x] [Character Arrays in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/11-characterarray)
- [x] [Pointers in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/12-pointer)
- [x] [References in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/12b-references)
- [x] [Strings in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/14-strings)
- [x] [BitManipulation in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/15-bitManipulation)
- [x] [Seive of eratosthenes algorithm in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/16-SeiveOferatosthenes-And-InclusionExclusoin)
- [x] [Recursion in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/17-recursion)
- [x] [BackTracking in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/18-backtracking)
- [x] [Sorting in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/19-Sorting)
- [x] [Object Oriented Programming in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/20-ObjectOrientedProgramming)
- [x] [Linkedlist in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/21-LinkedList)
- [x] [Stack in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/22-stack)
- [x] [Queue in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/23-Queue)
- [x] [Deque in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/24-Deque)
- [x] [Problems on Data Structure in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/25-problems_for_implementing_ds)
- [x] [Binary trees in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/26-binary_tree)
- [x] [Binary Search trees in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/27-Binary_Search_Tree)
- [x] [Probelms on algorithms in C++(binary search,sliding windows)](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/28-problems_on_algorithms)
- [x] [Heaps in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/29-heaps)
- [x] [Hashing in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/30-hashing)
- [x] [Greedy algorithms in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/31-greedy_algorithms)
- [x] [Graph algorithms in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/32-graphs)
- [x] [Dynamic Programming in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/33-dynamic_programming)
- [x] [Tries in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/34-tries)
- [x] [String algorithm in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/35-string_algorithms)
- [x] [Number theory in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/36-Number_theory)
- [x] [Matrix exponentiation in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/37-Matrix_exponentiation)
- [x] [Segment trees in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/38-segment_trees)
- [x] [fenwick trees in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/39-fenwick_trees)
- [x] [Square root decomposition in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/40-square_root_decomposition)

Commit message:

feat : added smart pointers, real-time class implementation
    - added real-life classes implementation
    - added strcutre-binding, manipulators, exception handling, file handling.
    - improvement and detailing in the lambda, templates, macros.
    - Added smart pointer concepts
    - Added morris traversal and tree traversal using stack.

README.md, after:

# CPPTutorial

**From here you can Learn Most of all the Needed concept of C++**

| Topics in This Tutorial        |  Status |
| :----------------------------- | ------: |
| Basic Concept                  | Covered |
| Object Oriented C++            | Covered |
| Data Structure                 | Covered |
| Standard Template Library(STL) | Covered |
| Greedy Algorithms              | Covered |
| Dynamic Programming            | Covered |
| String Algorithms              | Covered |

_# How to use this tutorial flowlessly?_
- for Local copy : Open in any editor and turn on word wrap.
- In gitlab repo : press `.`(dot) to open vscode in browser.
- In github repo : click [option-1](https://github1s.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/) or click [option-2](https://vscode.dev/github/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial) to open vscode.

_# Healthy advice: Use [C++ Insight](https://cppinsights.io/) to see how C++ code works internally._

_# Items covered in this tutorial are :_

- [x] <a href="https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/--cppSTL" style="color: lightgreen; font-weight: bold;">STL (standard template library) in C++</a>

NOTE : don't forget to checkout [intresting concepts in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/--cppSTL/99-SomeImpThingsInCPP.txt)
- [x] [Datatypes in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/01-datatype)
- [x] [Loops in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/02-loops)
- [x] [Switch in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/03-switch)
- [x] [Operators in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/04-operators)
- [x] [Patterns in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/05-pattern)
- [x] [Different types of numbers in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/06-DifferentTypesOfNumbers)
- [x] [Functions in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/07-functions)
- [x] [time complexity in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/08-timecomplexity)
- [x] [1D Arrays in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/09-array)
- [x] [2D Arrays in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/10-2darray)
- [x] [Character Arrays in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/11-characterarray)
- [x] [Pointers in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/12-pointer)
- [x] [References in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/12b-references)
- [x] [Strings in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/14-strings)
- [x] [BitManipulation in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/15-bitManipulation)
- [x] [Seive of eratosthenes algorithm in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/16-SeiveOferatosthenes-And-InclusionExclusoin)
- [x] [Recursion in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/17-recursion)
- [x] [BackTracking in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/18-backtracking)
- [x] [Sorting in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/19-Sorting)
- [x] [Object Oriented Programming in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/20-ObjectOrientedProgramming)
- [x] [Linkedlist in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/21-LinkedList)
- [x] [Stack in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/22-stack)
- [x] [Queue in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/23-Queue)
- [x] [Deque in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/24-Deque)
- [x] [Problems on Data Structure in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/25-problems_for_implementing_ds)
- [x] [Binary trees in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/26-binary_tree)
- [x] [Binary Search trees in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/27-Binary_Search_Tree)
- [x] [Probelms on algorithms in C++(binary search,sliding windows)](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/28-problems_on_algorithms)
- [x] [Heaps in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/29-heaps)
- [x] [Hashing in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/30-hashing)
- [x] [Greedy algorithms in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/31-greedy_algorithms)
- [x] [Graph algorithms in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/32-graphs)
- [x] [Dynamic Programming in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/33-dynamic_programming)
- [x] [Tries in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/34-tries)
- [x] [String algorithm in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/35-string_algorithms)
- [x] [Number theory in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/36-Number_theory)
- [x] [Matrix exponentiation in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/37-Matrix_exponentiation)
- [x] [Segment trees in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/38-segment_trees)
- [x] [fenwick trees in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/39-fenwick_trees)
- [x] [Square root decomposition in C++](https://github.com/JugalPatel01/CPPTutorial/tree/main/40-square_root_decomposition)
